---
layout: post
title: "The exploited innocent northern girl"
date: 2020-05-14T20:53:12 
author: Mutalib Abdullahi
categories: poem
tags: poem
cover: "/assets/hausa.jpg"

---

I am a girl from the North  
Few hours into my birth,  
My Dad asked impatiently..  
"What did she born?"  
The Nurse answered "A girl"  
Disappointedly, he left the hospital.  


I am a girl from the North  
Instead of the normal jubilations  
I received unwarranted ill-treatments  
Daddy!!! Daddy!!! Welcome, I often say,  
Dejectedly, he looks away.  


I am a girl from the North  
I was just three (3), with little knowledge of the happenings around  
I often go around pantless to play with Khadija and Aisha  
We play on the sands  
We skip ropes  
All other fun-filled childhood memories never evaded us.  


I am a girl from the North  
A man in his 50's often come around with gifts  
He looks at me differently, with a broad smile  
He buys toys, skirts, pants and other things for me, I receive them warmly  
He gives daddy lots of money and gifts  
If I had known.  


I am a girl from the North.  
Few more years to my age, I was 12  
Dad called me indoors to meet Alhaji Sanni  
He's now 63 years old.  
"Maryam, this is your husband" he said!.  
I had no idea what these words meant  
No picture could capture my emotions  
I was blank and numb.  


I am a girl from the North  
Three more years, Alhaji Sanni came with more gifts  
It was a different scenario this time  
Mom plaited a fine African hairstyle for me  
I looked beautiful and young  
I had no idea.  


I am a girl from the North  
It was my marriage!!!  
What these words meant, I didn't know   
It looked like a well-scripted Nollywood movie  
I had no idea.  


I am a girl from the North  
Dad never asked for my opinion  
He imposed a man on me  
I felt bad  
My voices were useless.  


I am a girl from the North  
Two months into the marriage,  
It wasn't all Rosy    
Alhaji Sanni made attempts to break my innocence  
I wasn't ready, I screamed  
He laughed hysterically and eventually had his way  
I laid like a log of wood while he penetrated  
It was an emotionless sex  
The pains were unbearable, but I endured.  


I am a girl from the North  
I became a slave in my supposed matrimonial home  
I became voiceless  
I often get raped by my father-like husband.  


I am a girl from the North  
I am 22 years old  
I can now think with my brain  
But who can I talk to?  
Mom? The woman who didn't see anything wrong about me getting married?  
Dad? The man who hated me from birth?  
Khadija and Aisha? People who suffered the same fate?  
I couldn't do anything  
I was helpless.  


I am a girl from the North  
I was looking old already and unhappy  
My faces were getting wrinkled  
My back, bent  
Yet, I was unhappy  
Caged like a prisoner,  
I couldn't do anything.  


I am a girl from the North  
I had a deep thought  
My life was not worthy  
I was subjugated  
I had regrets  
I had to end it all  


I am a girl from the North  
I bought three bottles of Sniper  
I had heard news of how effective it was, but I needed to die faster  
I do not want to give life a second chance  
I opened the three covers,   
And gulped them at once.  


I am a girl from the North  
I only wanted to live  
I only wanted to dream  
I hope to execute all these in the next life  
This world was never my home  
It wasn't my fault  


I am a Girl from the North!!!  